story recapped here today i'm
going to show a 2019 drama
horror mystery film called girl on the third
floor spoilers ahead watch out and take care
don conch arrives at their newly purchased
victorian house with their dog cooper he traveled
ahead of his pregnant wife liz hoping to renovate
the house in time for the baby's arrival don gets
started on the renovation immediately while cooper
senses that something is not right with the house
a marble rolls on the bedroom floor and cooper
chases after it as dawn sets out cleaning the
house he meets ellie mueller the pastor living
across the street the next morning liz video
calls dawn and asks about the house don goes back
to fixing the house this time covering up the
gaping hole in the living room as he's fixing the
walls he finds old newspapers and lingerie hidden
with it later that night don goes to an empty bar
and strikes up a conversation with the bartender
geary giri warns him about the house telling him
that it's bad news but don dismisses this as a
screwed-up joke when he gets home he explores the
house looking for the dog while a haunting figure
looms behind him he eventually finds cooper and
settles in for the night after his call with liz
he goes to a bdsm porn site to have some fun but
cooper distracts him he moves his bed upstairs and
locks himself in the next day don sets his eye on
fixing the kitchen sink he hits one of the pipes
and a burst of black sludge covers his whole face
he cleans himself outside and then meets sarah
he invites sarah inside for a smoke and after a
flirtatious back and forth they have a hot fling
in dawn's bedroom cooper is left outside barking
aggressively at a shadow looming at the end of the
hallway just as sarah leaves a thundering crash
erupts from upstairs don checks out the bedroom
and sees that the ceiling has caved in he inspects
the attic and is shocked to see a viewing box
structured on top of the bedroom sarah visits him
again that night but this time he turns her down
telling her that what they had was just a one-time
thing later on he dreams of his wife liz and they
make love together while in the middle of doing
it don feels confused as the woman morphs into
sarah's face and then back to his wife again he
tries to ignore it and closes his eyes when he
opens them a horrifying monster with a deformed
face is on top of him don wakes up in cold sweat
feeling relieved that it was only a dream that
very morning myla stops by and helps him fix up
the ceiling they finish up and hang out at gary's
bar when don wakes up the next day he finds milo
already up and fixing the walls and then makes a
snide remark about his supposed assistant feeling
confused don walks into the kitchen to see sarah
brewing coffee don is angry and tells her that he
doesn't want to see her ever again milo catches
the mid-fight and then confronts him about sarah
don eventually admits the affair and milo is
raging reminding him that he is liz's friend too
don walks out with cooper and milo goes back to
fixing the walls he hears a faint giggle and looks
around to see a marble rolling by he follows the
marble to the basement and is surprised to see
sarah he tells sarah to leave before don finds her
but she surprises him with a hammer to the face
he manages to crawl his way back to the
stairs and sees the deformed woman on top
of the landing he's frozen in terror as
sarah lands a finishing blow to his head
when don comes home he assumes that milo has gone
away he continues with work and calls liz during
their call liz spots a woman walking behind him
don is frightened knowing that he's alone in the
house and he sets out to look for the intruder as
he reassures liz he spots the back door wide open
the very next day he installs new locks
on the doors and adds security cameras
their neighbor ellie interrupts his work to
check on him and give him encouraging words
the haunting doesn't stop that night
as a marble lures cooper downstairs
it follows the marble to the basement and
sees sarah unaware of its impending doom
when don wakes up cooper is missing he looks for
the dog around the house and finds it chopped up
it's bloody parts in the dryer don immediately
calls the police but they don't take it seriously
don later sees sarah in the living room that night
he apologizes to her and tells her that he has a
surprise for her in the kitchen just as they enter
the room don strikes her on the head with a hammer
coldness takes over his body as he cleans up the
blood on the floor he wraps sarah's body and binds
it with duct tape dragging it all the way down to
the basement he stuffs the body within the walls
and starts covering it suddenly a call interrupts
his work it's liz asking him why milo has been
trying to call her don is finally tipped over the
edge he lashes out at his wife and then hangs up
when he goes back to the basement sarah's
body is gone don runs around the house and
hears giggling coming from the attic he goes
up investigating further and finds a false wall
he breaks it down and sees another compartment its
walls filled with disturbing children's drawings
at the end of his wits don drills a hole on the
wall and sneaks in a camera he sees the drywall
dirt and dust and then he sees something else the
disfigured woman appears its mouth with a thousand
teeth snarling at him he runs to the living room
and begins smashing the walls revealing a bloody
cavity with it with each strike he reveals the
secret of the house as another hole opens he sees
milo's dead face pop out he hears another giggle
and sees an eye peeking through another hole
he then opens his phone and receives a photo
message from sarah giving him the finger
as he turns around one of his cabinet drawers
opens and the disfigured woman emerges
her face is slashed wide open
with her teeth hungry for blood
a marble drops down to the floor and makes its
way under dawn's skin he screams feeling the
pain erupt from his body he runs to the bedroom
and grabs a cutter tearing his shin open to get
the ball out he continues screaming as the marble
makes its way up to his body and then to his neck
he begs the woman to make it stop but she only
giggles at him he slashes his neck as he withers
from the pain the marble reaches his head and then
pops out of his eye leaving a bloody trail behind
he crawls on the floor and looks at the woman the
last thing he sees is more marbles rolling down
the floor ready to penetrate his skin liz arrives
the next day and starts looking for don and cooper
assuming they've only gone out for a walk
she explores the house she discovers an old
newspaper revealing the house to be an old brothel
from 1901 where the local police were unable to
find the murdered girl's body a sound catches her
attention and she finds a marble in the basement
when liz comes back up to the kitchen she meets
sarah liz is skeptical of her but her thoughts
are interrupted by the doorbell she then meets
ellie who warns her about the house just like don
liz dismisses her neighbor's concern when she
goes back to the house she begins experiencing
weird occurrences she pulls out a wad of hair from
the sink and sees an eyeball peeking back at her
she screams and starts calling dawn but finds his
phone in the bedroom feeling worried she seeks out
ellie's help ali then tells her that the house
has a habit of testing the man who live in it
and warns her again to stay away from the house
when liz goes home that night she experiences a
bizarre vision from the house's past the home is
suddenly filled with man in suits she explores the
house looking for don but she's ushered into the
viewing box in the attic from there she witnesses
the show of a woman engaging in aggressive sexual
activities with a man wearing a grotesque costume
as she turns to look around in the attic she
spots a young child making a drawing on the wall
the same grotesque man approaches the child and
gives her a bag of marbles liz runs down and finds
the house back to its normal state she then faces
sarah at the stairs who reveals to her the house's
terrifying secret it turns out that the deranged
woman was an innocent girl that the brothel owner
used and killed sarah was also another victim of
these men she lunges at liz with a cutter but she
manages to barricade herself in the bedroom liz
turns around to see don emerging from the closet
his whole body slashed to the bone and bleeding
crying and bleeding don admits his affair but
promises to change liz rejects him and then don
uses the cutter on his face tearing his skin apart
to reveal a deranged sarah inside him she makes
a run for it in the living room and sees myla's
dead body in the walls as she turned to the gaping
hole that don had covered up a new opening emerged
water pouring out from it two hands rip the hole
open and out comes the deranged woman ready to
sink her teeth into her liz grabs a hammer and
smashes her head spilling the black ooze all over
the floor she runs out of the house and comes face
to face with ellie it turns out that ellie knew
all along about the house each person who chooses
to enter must face their actions determined to
lift the curse liz stays on and finds sarah's
skeletal remains in the closet they give it a
proper burial to put her soul at rest six months
later liz's daughter is born she's decided to live
in the house with her daughter as she leaves the
room a marble falls from the great on the ceiling
as the baby looks up don's eyes peek through the
grate subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications and leave a like it really
helps the channel out thank you for watching